Hi, Mystery Recapped here.
Today I’m going to explain a British zombie
horror film called “The Rezort,” Spoilers
ahead!
Watch out and take care!
Ten years ago, the cromosyn virus outbreak
caused the deadliest pandemic mankind has
ever seen.
The virus killed people and then brought them
back to life, turning them into flesh-hungry
zombies.
The zombies started infecting everyone around
them, causing a war between the living and
the dead.
The war only ended when a process of bombing
the zombie-infested area called the brimstone
protocol was brought into action.
By the end of it, more than two billion people
had died.
Zombies were wiped out from the face of the
earth, except for in the Rezort.
The rezort is a sun-drenched island that monetizes
the existence of the zombies.
People from around the world pay thousands
of dollars to go to the island and hunt zombies
safely.
The rezort’s CEO is a woman named Valerie
Wilton.
She is praised for her wonderful tactic to
bring the world’s economy back on track
after the war.
Moreover, she is also funding a charitable
organization called Hope4U which aids international
refugees.
A young couple named Lewis and Melanie has
come to the island for a similar venture.
Melanie’s father was turned into a zombie
during the war, which has left a deep scar
in her life.
Hence, she is on the island to cope with her
trauma.
The couple, along with other guests are brought
into an exclusive lobby to rest after their
flight.
Among the guests are two teenage gamers named
Jack and Alfie, a girl named Sadie who was
supposed to come with her fiance, and a quiet
veteran named Archer.
They are finally taken to the famous resort.
At night, the guests enjoy food and drinks
while Valerie Wilton gives a speech about
the resort being everyone’s fantasies come
true.
The place is a paradise for people who want
to heal from the trauma that the war had caused
them.
Sadie leaves the party and wanders around
looking for something.
She nervously enters the facility’s control
room and hacks into the resort’s mainframe
to extract some data.
Archer notices her walking out of the room,
but doesn’t think much of it.
The following day, the group is put into a
vehicle by their tour guide Tom.
They finally set off for the zombie hunting
adventure.
When the officials try to close the main gate
after the vehicles leave, the system starts
to malfunction.
The technicians dismiss it as a minor issue.
The group is then taken to a hunting spot,
where Tom briefs them on the techniques and
rules of the hunt.
Melanie looks over to the field and sees hundreds
of zombies roaming around.
She is still not ready to hunt them because
they remind her of her dad.
On the other hand, Jack and Alfie start shooting
almost immediately.
Lewis makes the first kill and hands the rifle
to Melanie.
She points it at a female zombie but cannot
shoot when she gets a look at her face.
Meanwhile, Archer from behind them shoots
like a professional and kills every shot he
makes.
Everyone is impressed by his skills.
Then, the group is brought to a camping site,
where they are going to stay for the night.
Back in the resort, the security problem hasn’t
been fixed.
A worried Valerie asks the head of security
to run a full diagnosis.
They soon figure out that someone unauthorized
had gotten into their system and left them
with a virus that is causing security breaches.
If the computer virus is not contained, soon
the resort will be flooded with zombies.
Somewhere else, another group who had left
for the hunt is attacked.
The zombies get one person while the others
manage to escape.
Right after, the resort is attacked too.
The guests run in fear as the zombies begin
to bite everyone in their way.
Soon, they get into the control room and begin
to turn the employees into one of them.
Valerie hides behind the computers, watching
as the creatures kill everyone.
Before they can get to her, she runs into
her office and locks herself in.
A staff member begs her to open the door for
him but she doesn’t.
The system automatically activates the brimstone
protocol, which will destroy the island in
a few hours.
Back in the camp, Melanie approaches Sadie
and talks about why she is there.
As the two talk, they see a zombie walking
towards them.
Sadie takes a gun and points at the creature.
However, she cannot shoot him out of sympathy.
The zombie is killed by Archer.
Tom starts to freak out because the zombies
are not supposed to come to the camp, as they
are separated by a tall electric fence.
He uses the car’s light to look around and
sees a group of zombies approaching them.
The security breach had caused the fences
to open, allowing the zombies to enter the
safe zone.
Archer starts shooting them as Tom gets inside
the car to contact the resort.
He is not able to get to them and even the
vehicle doesn’t start.
Sadie and Melanie are hiding inside the tent
where Melanie is attacked by a zombie.
Sadie saves her and the two run towards the
car.
Everyone gets on top of it to save themselves.
However, when Alfie tries to climb up, he
is bit by a zombie.
Jack watches as his best friend lies limp
on the ground.
Suddenly, everything goes quiet.
The camp is covered with dead zombies.
The group decides to stay on top of the car
for the night.
The next morning, Tom tells them that they
aren’t getting any help, and only a few
hours are left till the brimstone protocol.
Once it starts, several explosions will automatically
take place on the island killing all the zombies
to stop further infection.
They have to get away from the island before
the protocol starts.
The staff were told to be at the dock before
the resort was taken over.
But since their car isn’t working, reaching
the dock in time is impossible.
Tom takes a look at the island map and figures
out that the communication relay has an underground
way back to the dock.
The group makes their way to the communication
relay led by Archer.
He stops the group every few minutes sensing
danger.
Lewis retaliates saying that no one made him
the leader.
Suddenly, a zombie attacks Jack but is killed
by Tom.
Tom notices that the zombie is a fellow travel
guide.
They continue the journey and reach a broken
fence with a car crashed onto it.
They get to the other side one by one but
are attacked by the zombies midway.
One of them bites a chunk of flesh off Tom.
Everyone watches him in shock when suddenly,
Lewis shoots him dead.
Melanie is horrified that her boyfriend would
do something like that.
Without dwelling about it, they continue towards
the communication relay.
When they finally reach the place, Archer
asks Sadie to be in check or else they will
leave her behind.
When the others call him out for being disrespectful,
he reveals that he had seen Sadie sneaking
around the control room while hiding from
the security the other day.
Everyone asks Sadie if that is true.
She finally reveals that she is a member of
an undead rights activist group called the
Living 2.
She and her group wanted to stop the brutal
hunting going on the island.
So, she was sent to download some secret data
from the resort’s mainframe.
However, she had been betrayed by her own
people because when she was downloading the
data, they uploaded a virus to crash the whole
security system.
Lewis harshly blames Sadie for killing all
those people.
Everyone looks at Sadie in disapproval and
makes their way towards the communication
relay leaving her behind.
Melanie is disappointed but asks Sadie to
come with them anyway.
They go inside the building to see half-eaten
bodies scattered everywhere.
The building is infested with zombies but
the group make their way inside carefully,
without making noise.
They separate into two groups while trying
to hide from the zombies.
Sadie and Jack go one way and Archer, Melanie,
and Lewis go the other.
The second group reaches the opening to the
underground way they were looking for but
Jack and Sadie are attacked by the creatures.
Sadie gets bitten in the encounter.
With no way out, she asks Jack to run away
as a hoard of zombies takes over her.
Jack runs to the rest of the group and they
quickly get on the other side of a fence and
save themselves.
They then make their way underground and reach
a dark hall.
Going further in, they see several zombies
in cages being held in a room at a very high
temperature.
They escape the oven-like room and think that
they are safe but just then, a zombie latches
onto Jack and bites him.
Archer kills the zombie but now Jack is infected.
When he starts to convert, Archer unwillingly
shoots him.
Now, only three of them remain alive; Archer,
Melanie, and Lewis.
The three move forward and are confused to
see a refugee camp organised by a charitable
foundation called hope4U.
They soon realize that CEO Valerie had been
bringing in refugees from around the world
promising to provide them with shelter.
But instead, they converted innocent refugees
into zombies to keep the island running.
The incubation room they came across earlier
was to heat the zombies so they would look
older and the tourists wouldn’t know that
they are fresh.
Suddenly, the fresh refugee zombies come out
of the tent.
The three run back into the hallway but cannot
hold the door closed against the crowd of
zombies.
While Melanie and Archer struggle to hold
the door, Lewis runs away selfishly to save
his life.
Archer offers to hold the door until Melanie
runs away as well.
She agrees once he makes her believe that
he will be right behind her.
However, after Melanie is on the other side,
Archer opens the door and runs through the
crowd of zombies.
Now, only sixteen minutes are left for the
brimstone protocol to be executed.
Melanie walks through a hallway and reaches
the lobby they were brought to when they first
arrived at the island.
The place is also covered with zombies.
Suddenly, Lewis appears in front of her and
apologizes for leaving earlier.
Melanie notices a bite mark on his arm and
points her gun at him.
Instead of shooting, she hands him the gun.
Lewis knows he cannot be saved, so he shoots
himself dead, while Melanie is chased by the
zombies.
She is suddenly dragged into a room by CEO
Valerie who claims that they can only run
out through the emergency exit.
Melanie refuses to cooperate with her and
calls her a monster.
The two struggle for the gun but are soon
attacked by the creatures.
They kill Valerie but Melanie manages to run
outside while being chased.
Just then the brimstone protocol starts causing
several explosions all around the island.
Melanie narrowly avoids being caught in the
explosion by jumping into the sea.
The whole island burns in flames as rescue
helicopters fly around it.
Three weeks after the incident, we see Archer
sitting in a bar.
He had miraculously managed to escape from
the island and is watching Melanie on television.
She talks about how mankind won against the
zombie but lost their humanity in the war.
She has exposed the hope4U organization and
warns the people that a second war might be
near.
Somewhere else, a reporter is broadcasting
the news about the incident when we see several
zombies attacking people in the background.
It turns out that some of the zombies survived
the brimstone and escaped the island.
The second war between the living and the
dead has started.
Subscribe for more videos like this, turn
on notifications, and leave a like to help
the channel out.
Thank you for watching.